---
type: Rules
---

1. Suggestion: Every month 5 euros pp are added for expenses that go to Dnd, including cooking. If someone cooks, they get their ingredients paid back. Additionally, the money can be used for things to enhance the player experience. This can be stickers for mini's or guides to certain niche aspects.
   
2. Arrival time: As there are always people who can't be somewhere on the dot, the window to arrive will be around one hour so that everyone can either prepare or arrive. For example, the one who is in charge of the cooking, should arrive a little earlier to get started. Similarly, those who have to pray can do so. We will start strictly one hour after the begin time. (something about not being there bla bla bla)
   
3. Cooking: We will make a schedule as to when everyone has to cook. The food has to be sufficient for 9 people. If that is not possible, you can split the amount in 2 and do it with someone else. Please note everyone's preferences/allergies. This might be split into 2 parts, i.e. spicy/non-spicy, vegetarian/meat-eater, halal/non-halal. This job can then be perfectly split for 2 people. Try to to keep in mind that the food should be nutritious aka not only instant noodles. If you were to cook instant noodles, add some vegetables, tofu and whatever might make it possible to have a sufficient meal. One person can be in charge for snacks and drinks.
   
4. Breaks: As we have not played with everyone in its entirety, we do not know what good timing for breaks will be. There will be 2 sorts of breaks. One will be held around every hour, this will be sufficient for a pee break or maybe to pray. This will be a maximum 15~20 minutes. Besides there will be a dinner break, this break will happen only once and will last an hour.
 
5. Attention span: It is understandable that your attention might waver and you would like to go on your phone to browse the Internet or what not. This includes mobile games and the like. Please refrain from doing so. I understand that it might not always be that easy to keep your attention, but then tell me and we can have a short break. It doesn't feel nice when people give you their divided attention as you would not like if I disregarded the story that you are trying to facilitate. 
   A sidenote to this, even if your character is not part of a 'scene', try to follow as best as you can. 'following as best as you can' looks like staying at the table, not scrolling on your phone too much or talking too loudly while the other is having a character moment. We play this game together, so let's be respectful of what the other is trying to do. It would suck that someone had a great character moment just to realize that no one was paying attention.

6. Session Review: After every session, I will be putting out a session review that asks you what you thought of the session and what you would like to see in the following sessions, short-term and long-term. I will try to put it online the monday after and I would like you to fill in the session review before the following Friday. I need time to implement your feedback into the next sessions. If you would not be on time, you will have to put in 5 euros in the pot.